[Admin] (miscellaneous) adding descriptions to articles (#1668)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/add-in-typography.md

---
title: Typography guidelines for Office Add-ins

> description: 'Learn what typefaces and font sizes to use in Office Add-ins.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn about typography guidelines such as which typefaces and font sizes to use in Office Add-ins.'
```
